Abigail
=============

    Abigail, A lightweight, powerful and customizable cross-platform IDE. 
    Copyright (C) 2012  Roberto Lapuente

    This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
    it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
    the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
    any later version.

    This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
    but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
    MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
    GNU General Public License for more details.

    You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
    along with this program.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.

Although still in early development, Abigail aims to provide a fast, lightweight and customizable cross-platform IDE. Written in C++ for speed and portability Abigail focuses largely on providing very good support for large projects and to provide fast, comfortable and efficient text editing and other amenities to the developer so that he can use it for many different types of development. Abigail is written in C++ using Qt4, and the project is managed in Qt Creator so this repository includes the Abigail.pro file that is generated by the Qt Creator IDE.

For more informtion please visit the project [home page](http://elpinchetopo.github.com/Abigail/).
More documentation is available [here](https://github.com/ElPincheTopo/Abigail/wiki).


Contributing
------------

At this moment there are so many ways someone can contribute to the project. Not only the programming is important, we also are looking for people to help with the icons, the logo, the documentation, and optimizing the code. If you are intrested in helping out in any of this ways please visit the wiki and learn how to do it. If you are intrested in contrbuting code, please read the [Coding, Committing & Stuffing Style](https://github.com/ElPincheTopo/Abigail/wiki/Coding,-Committing-&-Stuffing-Style)section and do the following:

1. Choose or create an issue.
2. Fork it.
3. Create a branch.
4. Commit your changes.
5. Push to the branch.
6. Make a Pull Request.
7. Enjoy a refreshing Coke and wait.

Bug Reports
------------

Please report any bugs you find here: https://github.com/ElPincheTopo/Abigail/issues

Or by e-mail to this adress: topo@asustin.net
